fix up readme (#25)
oxen-io/session-pysogs: README.md

# PySOGS (Python Session Open Group Server)

> PySOGS is a reference implementation of a Session open group server inPython.  PySOGS is used to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PySOGS is a reference implementation of a Session open group server in Python.  PySOGS is used to run
```

> 

Reviewer: Above this, the URL displayed contains a live IP (and probably a live pubkey).  We don't want to encourage raw IP addresses, and should use a bogus pubkey.

Perhaps:
```
URL: http://sogs.example.net/fishing?public_key=0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef0123456789abcdef
```

### Step 6: Add moderator to room

in the root directory run

```bash

> python3 -msogs --rooms ROOMNAME --add-moderators SESSIONID

Reviewer: Should probably also use `--admin` here, and should retitle the section to "Add admin to a room"

```

for example

```bash

> python3 -msogs --rooms fishing --add-moderators 05d871fc80ca007eed9b2f4df72853e2a2d5465a92fcb1889fb5c84aa2833b3b40

Reviewer: --admin

> ```

Reviewer: Should also say something like: "Run `python3 -msogs --help` to see all available sogs command-line options."

Reviewer: Perhaps:

"You can list all rooms and moderators/admins using `python3 -msogs -Lv`.  Run `python3 -msogs --help` to see all available command-line options."

> ### Step 6: Check web viewer functionality

Reviewer: We have two Steps 6

> Navigating to your BaseURL should display a web viewer of your open
> group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigating to your SOGS URL should display a web viewer of your open
group.
```
Pretty sure "BaseURL" was an old SOGS term that we don't use here.
